INSTALLATION
============

Requirements
------------
Make sure that you are running a recent version of PHP. Currently PHP 5.2.x
seems to run this, but I do not plan on keeping it compatible. Install the
bleeding edge PHP from source if you want full compatibility. ;-)

Basic Setup
-----------
Clone the skeleton app from the repository:

  git clone git://github.com/jburrows/dynamis-app-skel.git

Then change into the dynamis-app-skel directory just created. When you are
there, clone the dynamis framework:

  git clone git://github.com/jburrows/dynamis.git

It will populate the empty dynamis-app-skel/dynamis directory.

Next, you will need to copy the app/config.php.template to app/config.php.
Open the file up and make changes as nescessary. I've documented it to make it
easy on you.

You can setup your webserver to serve up the dynamis-app-skel directory. If you
are using Apache httpd, make sure it loads the .htaccess file and uses the
mod_rewrite rules specified. Otherwise, you won't be able to use the framework.
If this becomes a problem, get all your friends to complain to me and I'll think
about adding it.

If you are using nginx, I've included a sample server directive for you hacking
pleasure. If you need more help setting it up with nginx, I pitty your soul --
and why are you using it in the first place? But really, just email me and I'll
see about helping you (No promises!).

Extra Measures
--------------
After these steps, one can take extra measures to ensure the security of your
application. First, move the dynamis subdirectory to a place that is not in a
document root of your webserver. Make a note of this location, you'll need
to change the value in the dynamis-app-skel/index.php file. Next, move the app
subdirectory to another location outside of the document root, also noting your
chosen location for it.

Open the dynamis-app-skel/index.php file and find the following array:

  $dyn = array(
    'sys' => "dynamis",     //dynamis core folder
    'app' => "app",         //user defined files (mostly)
    'web' => "."            //web facing folder (by default, everything is -- and this is not used)
  );

Change the 'sys' and 'app' keys to point to the new locations you chose for the
dynamis and app subdirectories.

WRITING APPS
============

Umm, it's like using any other MVC framework... Just familiarize yourself with
Rails, Code Igniter, CakePHP, Symphony and a few others -- then you'll pick it
up in no time!

But Really...
-------------

I'm going to write docs for this another day, check back soon. Peace!
